src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplication.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'authException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'authException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:14:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.UserDetailsService'
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:14:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.UserDetailsService'
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.service.JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl'
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.service.JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl'
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userDetailsService
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userDetailsService
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'httpSecurity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'httpSecurity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationManagerBuilder
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationManagerBuilder
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'authenticationManagerBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'authenticationManagerBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:61:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:61:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:68:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:68:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:69:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the passwordEncoder method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig.java:69:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the passwordEncoder method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:14:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.UserDetailsService'
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:14:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.UserDetailsService'
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:22:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.service.RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl'
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:22:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.service.RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl'
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userDetailsService
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userDetailsService
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'httpSecurity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'httpSecurity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationManagerBuilder
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationManagerBuilder
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'authenticationManagerBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'authenticationManagerBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:61:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:61:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:68:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:68:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:69:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the passwordEncoder method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SecurityConfig2.java:69:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the passwordEncoder method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SwaggerConfiguration.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SwaggerConfiguration.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SwaggerConfiguration.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SwaggerConfiguration.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SwaggerConfiguration.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/config/SwaggerConfiguration.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:32:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:32:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:35:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:35:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:35:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:35:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:40:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:40:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:43:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:43:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:45:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:45:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeekerlogin' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeekerlogin' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:53:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:53:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registerJobSeeker' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registerJobSeeker' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeeker' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeeker' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:76:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:76:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:82:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:82:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeekerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeekerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobseekerid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobseekerid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:92:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:92:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'application' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'application' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'job' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'job' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:102:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:102:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'applicationId1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'applicationId1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeekerId1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeekerId1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeekerId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeekerId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'applicationId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'applicationId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeeker' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeeker' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertApplication' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertApplication' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'applications' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'applications' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:123:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:123:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'applicationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'applicationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'files' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'files' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:130:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:130:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/JobSeekerController.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:40:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:40:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:42:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:42:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the service field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the service field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:47:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:47:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:47:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:47:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:55:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:55:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiterId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiterId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:67:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:67:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:85:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:85:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:86:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:86:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'login' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'login' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:91:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:91:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:113:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:113:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:120:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:120:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:122:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:122:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:125:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:125:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:130:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'job1' (lines '130'-'131').
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:130:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'job1' (lines '130'-'131').
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:130:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'job1' is never used (overwritten on line 131)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:130:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'job1' is never used (overwritten on line 131)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:146:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:146:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:151:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:151:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:153:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:153:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:163:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:163:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:164:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "jobId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 164
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:164:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "jobId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 164
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:164:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:164:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:174:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:174:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:180:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:180:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:183:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:183:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'skillId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'skillId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'job' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'job' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'skill' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'skill' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:188:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:188:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertSkills' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertSkills' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:195:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:195:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:197:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:197:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'skills' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'skills' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'skill' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'skill' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:205:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:205:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'skills' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'skills' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:211:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:211:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:212:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:212:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:217:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:217:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:218:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:218:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:234:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:234:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:234:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:234:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:236:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resumeFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:236:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resumeFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:237:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:237:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:270:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:270:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:271:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:271:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:274:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:274:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:299:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:299:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:333:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/controller/RecruiterController.java:333:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.Lob'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.Lob'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:14:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.OneToOne'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:14:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.OneToOne'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobseeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Applications.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobseeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.JoinColumn'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.JoinColumn'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.Lob'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.Lob'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'lombok.ToString'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'lombok.ToString'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeeker.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerAuthenticationResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerAuthenticationResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerAuthenticationResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerAuthenticationResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerAuthenticationResponse.java:13:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationToken
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerAuthenticationResponse.java:13:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationToken
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerAuthenticationResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerAuthenticationResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'lombok.AllArgsConstructor'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'lombok.AllArgsConstructor'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the authorities field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the authorities field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:26:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'authorities'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:26:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'authorities'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:26:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'authorities' is never used (overwritten on line 49)
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:26:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'authorities' is never used (overwritten on line 49)
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:28:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'AccountNonLocked' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:28:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'AccountNonLocked' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:28:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'AccountNonLocked' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:28:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'AccountNonLocked' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:29:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'AccountNonExpired' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:29:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'AccountNonExpired' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:29:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'AccountNonExpired' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:29:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'AccountNonExpired' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:30:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'CredentialsNonExpired' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:30:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'CredentialsNonExpired' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CredentialsNonExpired
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CredentialsNonExpired
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:30:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CredentialsNonExpired' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:30:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CredentialsNonExpired' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accountNonLocked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accountNonLocked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'authorities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'authorities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like credentialsNonExpired
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like credentialsNonExpired
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accountNonExpired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accountNonExpired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'credentialsNonExpired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'credentialsNonExpired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerDetails.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerVerificationToken.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerVerificationToken.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerVerificationToken.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerVerificationToken.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerVerificationToken.java:24:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerVerificationToken.java:24:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerVerificationToken.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerVerificationToken.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerVerificationToken.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/JobSeekerVerificationToken.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:22:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'lombok.ToString'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:22:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'lombok.ToString'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:30:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Jobs
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:30:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Jobs
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Jobs.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/NotificationEmail.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/NotificationEmail.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/NotificationEmail.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/NotificationEmail.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/NotificationEmail.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/NotificationEmail.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/NotificationEmail.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/NotificationEmail.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Collections.singletonList'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Collections.singletonList'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Collection'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Collection'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.Column'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.Column'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.JoinColumn'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.JoinColumn'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:18:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.UniqueConstraint'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:18:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.UniqueConstraint'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:20:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.GrantedAuthority'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:20:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.GrantedAuthority'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.authority.SimpleGrantedAuthority'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.authority.SimpleGrantedAuthority'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:22:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.UserDetails'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:22:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.UserDetails'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:27:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'lombok.Data'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:27:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'lombok.Data'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Recruiter.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterAuthenticationResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterAuthenticationResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterAuthenticationResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterAuthenticationResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterAuthenticationResponse.java:13:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationToken
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterAuthenticationResponse.java:13:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationToken
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterAuthenticationResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterAuthenticationResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'lombok.AllArgsConstructor'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'lombok.AllArgsConstructor'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the authorities field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the authorities field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:26:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'authorities'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:26:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'authorities'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:26:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'authorities' is never used (overwritten on line 49)
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:26:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'authorities' is never used (overwritten on line 49)
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:28:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'AccountNonLocked' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:28:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'AccountNonLocked' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:28:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'AccountNonLocked' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:28:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'AccountNonLocked' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:29:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'AccountNonExpired' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:29:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'AccountNonExpired' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:29:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'AccountNonExpired' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:29:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'AccountNonExpired' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:30:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'CredentialsNonExpired' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:30:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'CredentialsNonExpired' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CredentialsNonExpired
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CredentialsNonExpired
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:30:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CredentialsNonExpired' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:30:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CredentialsNonExpired' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accountNonLocked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accountNonLocked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'authorities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'authorities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like credentialsNonExpired
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like credentialsNonExpired
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accountNonExpired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accountNonExpired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'credentialsNonExpired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'credentialsNonExpired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterDetails.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterVerificationToken.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.time.Instant'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterVerificationToken.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.time.Instant'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterVerificationToken.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterVerificationToken.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterVerificationToken.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterVerificationToken.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterVerificationToken.java:21:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterVerificationToken.java:21:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterVerificationToken.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterVerificationToken.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterVerificationToken.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/RecruiterVerificationToken.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:30:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'data' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:30:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'data' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'docName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'docName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'docType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'docType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:38:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Resume.java:38:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.CascadeType'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.CascadeType'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.ManyToOne'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.ManyToOne'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:20:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'lombok.ToString'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:20:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'lombok.ToString'
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/entities/Skills.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/BadRequestException.java:6:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/BadRequestException.java:6:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/BadRequestException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/BadRequestException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/BadRequestException.java:7:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/BadRequestException.java:7:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/BadRequestException.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/BadRequestException.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/BadRequestException.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/BadRequestException.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:6:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:6:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:6:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'timestamp' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:6:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'timestamp' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:7:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:7:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:7:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'message' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:7:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'message' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:8:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'details' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:8:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'details' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'details' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'details' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'timestamp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ErrorDetails.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'timestamp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.ControllerAdvice'
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.ControllerAdvice'
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.web.client.HttpClientErrorException.BadRequest'
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.web.client.HttpClientErrorException.BadRequest'
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/HttpGlobalExceptionHandler.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/MySqlException.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/MySqlException.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/MySqlException.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/MySqlException.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:5:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:5:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:27:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like recruitDetailsService
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:27:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like recruitDetailsService
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterChain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterChain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requestTokenHeader' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requestTokenHeader' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:35:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'username' (lines '35'-'44').
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:35:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'username' (lines '35'-'44').
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:35:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'username' (lines '35'-'71').
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:35:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'username' (lines '35'-'71').
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jwtToken' (lines '36'-'41').
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jwtToken' (lines '36'-'41').
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jwtToken' (lines '36'-'71').
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jwtToken' (lines '36'-'71').
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:36:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'jwtToken' is never used (overwritten on line 41)
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:36:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'jwtToken' is never used (overwritten on line 41)
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:47:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:47:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:48:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:48:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'recruiterDetails' (lines '51'-'71').
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'recruiterDetails' (lines '51'-'71').
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiterDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiterDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usernamePasswordAuthenticationToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usernamePasswordAuthenticationToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like usernamePasswordAuthenticationToken
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like usernamePasswordAuthenticationToken
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:63:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:63:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:64:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:64:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:65:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/zensar/filter/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java:65:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/ApplicationsRepository.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/ApplicationsRepository.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerRepository.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.Recruiter'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerRepository.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.Recruiter'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerRepository.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerRepository.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerRepository.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerRepository.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerVerificationRepository.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.JobSeeker'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerVerificationRepository.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.JobSeeker'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerVerificationRepository.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.RecruiterVerificationToken'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerVerificationRepository.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.RecruiterVerificationToken'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerVerificationRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerVerificationRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerVerificationRepository.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobSeekerVerificationRepository.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.NamedNativeQueries'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.NamedNativeQueries'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.NamedNativeQuery'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.NamedNativeQuery'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.data.jpa.repository.Modifying'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.data.jpa.repository.Modifying'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.data.jpa.repository.Query'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.data.jpa.repository.Query'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.Recruiter'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.Recruiter'
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:21:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:21:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:22:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/JobsRepository.java:22:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterRepository.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterVerificationRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterVerificationRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterVerificationRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/RecruiterVerificationRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/ResumeRepository.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/ResumeRepository.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/SkillsRepository.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/repository/SkillsRepository.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'SECRET_KEY' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'SECRET_KEY' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'SECRET_KEY' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'SECRET_KEY' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'SECRET_KEY' is not final.
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'SECRET_KEY' is not final.
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SECRET_KEY' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:18:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SECRET_KEY' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claimsResolver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claimsResolver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'claims' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'claims' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:41:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:41:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claims' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claims' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:54:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/zensar/security/JwtUtil.java:54:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.Recruiter'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.Recruiter'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.RecruiterAuthenticationResponse'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.RecruiterAuthenticationResponse'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:17:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'io.jsonwebtoken.security.InvalidKeyException'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:17:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'io.jsonwebtoken.security.InvalidKeyException'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSoltionsJobSeekerService.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.Recruiter'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.Recruiter'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:22:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.RecruiterAuthenticationResponse'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:22:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.RecruiterAuthenticationResponse'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:24:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.RecruiterVerificationToken'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:24:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.RecruiterVerificationToken'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:34:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'io.jsonwebtoken.security.InvalidKeyException'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:34:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'io.jsonwebtoken.security.InvalidKeyException'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:36:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:36:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like jobSeekerRepository
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like jobSeekerRepository
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like applicationsRepository
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like applicationsRepository
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like verificationTokenRepository
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like verificationTokenRepository
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:56:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:56:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationManager
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationManager
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:59:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:59:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like jobSeekerDetailService
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like jobSeekerDetailService
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:62:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:62:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:73:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:73:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:75:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:75:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:75:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:75:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'verificationToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'verificationToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeekerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeekerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'application' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'application' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobseekerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobseekerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'applicationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'applicationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'applicationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'applicationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'docname' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'docname' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resume' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resume' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:134:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:134:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:136:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:136:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:137:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:137:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'verificationToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'verificationToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:160:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like jobSeekerVerificationToken
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:160:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like jobSeekerVerificationToken
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeekerVerificationToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeekerVerificationToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeeker' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeeker' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobSeeker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:171:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:171:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'authenticate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'authenticate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:173:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:173:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiterDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiterDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:176:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsJobSeekerServiceImpl.java:176:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.UserDetails'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.UserDetails'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:19:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRecruiter': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:19:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRecruiter': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:22:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRecruiterById': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:22:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRecruiterById': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:24:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'registerRecruiter': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:24:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'registerRecruiter': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:26:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'recruiterLogin': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:26:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'recruiterLogin': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:28:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'insertJob': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:28:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'insertJob': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getJobsByRecruiterId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getJobsByRecruiterId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'recruiterByItsUsername': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'recruiterByItsUsername': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:34:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'insertSkills': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:34:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'insertSkills': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getJobs': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getJobs': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSkills': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSkills': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getJobsByJobId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getJobsByJobId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSkillsBySkillId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSkillsBySkillId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteJob': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteJob': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getFile': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getFile': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'verifyRecruiter': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'verifyRecruiter': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:50:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:50:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'login': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'login': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRecruiterByUsername': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterService.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRecruiterByUsername': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.context.SecurityContextHolder'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.context.SecurityContextHolder'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.UserDetails'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.UserDetails'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like verificationTokenRepository
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like verificationTokenRepository
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like recruiterDetailsService
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like recruiterDetailsService
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationManager
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationManager
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiterId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiterId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:86:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:86:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:86:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:86:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:86:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:86:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:88:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:88:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:88:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:88:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'verificationToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'verificationToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiterByItsUsernameAndPassword' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiterByItsUsernameAndPassword' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:105:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like recruiterByItsUsernameAndPassword
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:105:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like recruiterByItsUsernameAndPassword
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:106:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'recruiterByItsUsernameAndPassword'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:106:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'recruiterByItsUsernameAndPassword'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:113:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:113:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:113:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:113:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:113:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:113:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:115:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:115:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:115:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:115:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:118:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getJobsByRecruiterId(int)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:118:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getJobsByRecruiterId(int)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:119:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'recruiter' (lines '119'-'123').
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:119:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'recruiter' (lines '119'-'123').
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:119:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:119:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:119:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'recruiter'.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:119:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'recruiter'.
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'skill1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'skill1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:135:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:135:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:135:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:135:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:137:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:137:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:137:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:137:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jobId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'verificationToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'verificationToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:183:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like recruiterVerificationToken
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:183:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like recruiterVerificationToken
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiterVerificationToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiterVerificationToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:186:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:186:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:193:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:193:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recruiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:194:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:194:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'authenticate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'authenticate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:196:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:196:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiterDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiterDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:199:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:199:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:210:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/CareerSolutionsRecruiterServiceImpl.java:210:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.User'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.User'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.Recruiter'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.Recruiter'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:22:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.RecruiterDetails'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:22:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.entities.RecruiterDetails'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:24:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.repository.RecruiterRepository'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:24:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.zensar.repository.RecruiterRepository'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeekerOptional' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeekerOptional' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeeker' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jobSeeker' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:41:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:41:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/JobSeekerDetailsServiceImpl.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailContentBuilder.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailContentBuilder.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailContentBuilder.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailContentBuilder.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailContentBuilder.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailContentBuilder.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailContentBuilder.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailContentBuilder.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailContentBuilder.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailContentBuilder.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:20:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mailContentBuilder
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:20:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mailContentBuilder
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:22:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:22:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:23:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the sendMail method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:23:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the sendMail method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'notificationEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'notificationEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messagePreparator' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/MailService.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messagePreparator' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.User'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.security.core.userdetails.User'
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiterOptional' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiterOptional' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recruiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:38:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:38:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/zensar/service/RecruiterDetailsServiceImpl.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplicationTests.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplicationTests.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplicationTests.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplicationTests.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplicationTests.java:10:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the contextLoads method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplicationTests.java:10:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the contextLoads method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplicationTests.java:10:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplicationTests.java:10:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplicationTests.java:10:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/test/java/com/zensar/CareerSolutionsApplicationTests.java:10:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
